all: add support for `const` ident in `match` range (#16526)
vlang/v: doc/docs.md

because the range is *inclusive* of the last element, rather than exclusive
(as `..` ranges are). Using `..` in a match branch will throw an error.

```v
const start = 1

const end = 10

c := 2
num := match c {
	start...end {
		1000
	}
	else {
		0
	}
}
println(num)
// 1000
```

> Variables can also be used in `range` as `match` patterns but they need to be `const`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Constants can also be used in the range branch expressions.
```

Author: Done
